Replit Spec

Project Goal

Add music functionality to the website in a clean, user controlled way.

The website should not autoplay music when the page loads. Visitors must choose to play music themselves.

Add two main features:

1. A Play Music button on the home page
2. A Playlist navigation item and footer link that takes visitors to a playlist section or page where more songs can be added later

Music File Storage

Create a dedicated music folder inside the public assets folder:

/public/music/

Add the current MP3 file there.

Use a clean file name with no spaces, for example:

/public/music/song-1.mp3

If the current file name has spaces or special characters, rename it using lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes only.

Example:

gusi-theme-song.mp3

Important

Do not autoplay the music.
Do not start audio on page load.
The user must click Play Music before anything plays.

Home Page Music Player

Add a visible Play Music button or compact music player section on the home page.

The home page music player should include:

Play button
Pause button
Stop button
Song title
Optional small text such as “Listen to our music”
Clean styling that matches the existing website design
Mobile responsive layout

Behavior

When the visitor clicks Play, the song should start playing.
When the visitor clicks Pause, the song should pause but remember the current position.
When the visitor clicks Stop, the song should stop and reset back to the beginning.
If the song ends naturally, reset the player state.

Use the HTML audio element or React audio controls/state logic.

Recommended implementation:

Create a reusable MusicPlayer component.

Example component structure:

src/components/MusicPlayer.jsx

The component should accept:

songTitle
artistName if available
audioSrc

Example audio source:

/music/gusi-theme-song.mp3

The component should manage play, pause, and stop using React state and useRef.

Playlist Navigation Item

Add a new navigation menu item called:

Playlist

Add it to the main navigation menu.

When clicked, it should take the visitor to the playlist section or playlist page.

Use whichever routing structure the current website already uses.

If the site is a single page layout, use an anchor link:

#playlist

If the site has pages or React Router, create a page route:

/playlist

Use the existing site structure. Do not break current navigation.

Footer Playlist Link

Add a footer link called:

Playlist

When clicked, it should take the visitor to the same playlist section or page as the navigation item.

Playlist Section or Page

Create a new playlist section or page with the heading:

Music Playlist

Add intro copy:

Listen to our featured music. More songs will be added soon.

Add the current song as the first playlist item.

Each playlist item should include:

Song title
Short description if available
Play button
Pause button
Stop button

Use the same reusable MusicPlayer component for the playlist song.

The playlist structure should be easy to expand later by editing a songs array.

Create a songs data array either inside the playlist page or in a separate file.

Recommended structure:

src/data/songs.js

Example:

export const songs = [
{
id: "song-1",
title: "Song Title Here",
artist: "Artist Name Here",
description: "Featured song",
audioSrc: "/music/gusi-theme-song.mp3"
}
];

The playlist page or section should map through this array and display one MusicPlayer per song.

Design Requirements

Match the current website style.
Keep the design clean and professional.
Do not make the player look like a cheap default browser widget unless the existing design is very simple.
Make all buttons easy to tap on mobile.
Use accessible button labels.
Use clear focus states for keyboard users.
Do not add anything that blocks the main homepage CTA.
Do not use autoplay.
Do not loop by default unless specifically requested later.

Technical Requirements

Use React best practices.
Avoid duplicate player code.
Create reusable components.
Keep song data centralized so new songs are easy to add.
Use relative public asset paths for MP3 files.
Make sure the audio works after production build.
Test locally and in production preview.
Make sure no console errors appear.

Suggested Files To Create Or Update

Create:

src/components/MusicPlayer.jsx
src/data/songs.js

Create or update depending on the site structure:

src/pages/Playlist.jsx

Or if the site is single page:

Add a Playlist section to the home page with id="playlist"

Update:

Header or Navigation component
Footer component
Home page component
Routing file if the app uses routes

Acceptance Criteria

The website loads with no music playing.
The home page has a Play Music button or music player area.
Clicking Play starts the current MP3.
Clicking Pause pauses the music.
Clicking Stop stops the music and resets it to the beginning.
The main navigation includes Playlist.
The footer includes Playlist.
Clicking Playlist from navigation takes the visitor to the playlist page or section.
Clicking Playlist from footer takes the visitor to the same playlist page or section.
The playlist page or section displays the current song.
The playlist setup is ready for more songs later.
The design works on desktop and mobile.
The build succeeds without errors.
The MP3 file plays correctly in the deployed website.

Important User Experience Rule

Music should always be visitor controlled. Never autoplay music, never hide the stop button, and never force sound on the visitor.
