Vlad, good morning!
 
Here is a link with logo, photos:
 
 
Our idea – we have two different floors like one goose “white” and one “grey”. So in our media and visual presentations we will use this idea. Like business cards – one side is in “bordo”/rustic with our background style like ground floor – backside of the card with “arts” like the artistic second floor.
Let’s try to prompt for AI a task for the front page of our website create a background as collage of two photos/two views/two floors divided by diagonal from bottom left corner to upper right corner (or someway else).
 
Logo:
 
There are all elements we are using. I just don’t know are the formats Ok for AI to work with.
 
 
Our “bordo” background is not just a “flower” picture – it is 4 geese heads from the top looking to each other.
Vector logo – can be in a different colors.
 
Business Card:
 
First version – two side/two floor stories.
 
There are some my comments in red:
Final phone number 646-370-5413
Final email address gagaga@gusi.nyc
Final hours for the start 04pm-12pm, brunches Sat/Sun will start May 23rd 11:30am-04pm (it is a good announcement and media content).
Final menu prices will be ready Tuesday or Wednesday night next week after we prepare every dish and calculate.
Final English menu names will be ready Tuesday or Wednesday night next week
Final dish descriptions will be ready Tuesday or Wednesday night next week (I hope)
Final interior photos we have New York Times photographer coming on Sunday for interior photos and some dishes already (I hope). So I will do some for our website as well and Monday morning you will have it. We can try to use photos #1 and #2 for front website page
Final food photos it will be on the week starting May 11th.
Final bar/cocktail photos it will be on the week starting May 11th.
Final press release sent you in the separate email coming after this one
Final Instagram/TikTok/Facebook/YouTube URLs @gusi.nyc FB: GUSI Restaurant
Final Apple Maps link
Final delivery platform links
Final logo files in the DropBox link