GUSI New Page Content Implementation Spec

Website:
https://gusi.nyc/

Objective

Add or update the following pages using the final approved content supplied in this project:

1. Story page
2. Menu page
3. Reservations page
4. Contact page

Preserve the current GUSI visual design, navigation, footer, typography, responsiveness, accessibility, tracking, structured data conventions, and overall site behavior.

Do not make unrelated design, routing, metadata, schema, content, navigation, or technical changes.

Canonical domain

Use only:

https://gusi.nyc/

Do not use gusinyc.com or any other domain in canonical tags, internal links, schema, metadata, or page content.

Routes

Story:
https://gusi.nyc/story

Menu:
https://gusi.nyc/menu

Reservations:
https://gusi.nyc/reservations

Contact:
https://gusi.nyc/contact

Use canonical URLs without unnecessary trailing slash inconsistencies.

Global requirements

1. Use the supplied approved content exactly unless a correction is specifically listed below.

2. Maintain one visible H1 per page.

3. Use proper heading hierarchy with H2 and H3 elements.

4. Add the supplied meta title and meta description to each page.

5. Make every CTA functional and link it to the appropriate internal page, booking system, event inquiry form, menu, map, or contact destination.

6. Use standard internal links rather than JavaScript only navigation wherever possible.

7. Ensure all pages are included in the sitemap.

8. Ensure each page is prerendered or included in the server delivered HTML consistently with the current SEO implementation.

9. Preserve responsive behavior across desktop, tablet, and mobile.

10. Do not replace existing images or create new images unless necessary for the page layout.

11. Ensure FAQ structured data exactly matches the visible FAQ content.

12. Do not create duplicate FAQPage schema if the page framework already generates the same schema automatically.

13. Use proper apostrophes, punctuation, spacing, and HTML encoding.

14. Do not change the live opening hours, footer hours, Google Business Profile information, OpenTable information, or Contact page hours until Vlad confirms the final hours after speaking with Boris.

Story Page

Route:

/story

Meta title:

About GUSI NYC | Modern Eastern European Dining

Meta description:

Learn the story behind GUSI, where modern Eastern European cuisine, handcrafted cocktails, Georgian wine, & warm hospitality come together in Greenwich Village.

H1:

About GUSI: A Modern Eastern European Restaurant in Greenwich Village

Use the final approved Story page content supplied by E2M exactly as provided.

The May 8, 2026 opening date is confirmed and may be published.

Required CTA destinations:

Explore our story through food, wine, and hospitality:
Link to /menu

Reserve a Table Today:
Link to /reservations or the live reservation booking destination already used by the site

Contact page:
Link to /contact

Google Maps:
Use the confirmed live GUSI Google Maps destination

Events page:
Link to the current Events page or event section used by the website

Ensure the FAQ schema matches the visible FAQ answers exactly.

Menu Page

Route:

/menu

Meta title:

GUSI Menu | Eastern European Restaurant NYC

Meta description:

Explore GUSI's menu featuring dumplings, borscht, caviar, Georgian-inspired flavors, cocktails, and modern Eastern European cuisine in Greenwich Village.

H1:

Explore the GUSI Menu

Use the final approved Menu page content supplied by E2M exactly as provided, with this correction:

Replace:

can comfortably seat upto 70 guests

With:

can comfortably seat up to 70 guests

Required CTA destinations:

Reserve a Table:
Link to /reservations or the current reservation booking destination

Learn About GUSI:
Link to /story

View the Full Menu:
Link to the actual menu display, PDF, embedded menu, or appropriate section on the page

Plan Your Private Event:
Link to the Events page or active event inquiry destination

Read Our Stories:
Link to /blog

Final Reserve a Table:
Link to /reservations or the current booking destination

Ensure the visible FAQ wording and FAQ schema remain identical.

Reservations Page

Route:

/reservations

Meta title:

Reserve a Table at GUSI | Greenwich Village NYC

Meta description:

Reserve your table at GUSI in Greenwich Village and enjoy modern Eastern European cuisine, handcrafted cocktails, Georgian wine, and warm hospitality.

H1:

Reserve Your Table at GUSI

Use the final approved Reservations page content supplied by E2M exactly as provided, with this correction:

Replace:

Every detail is designed to create a dining experience that feels welcoming, thoughtful, and memorable..

With:

Every detail is designed to create a dining experience that feels welcoming, thoughtful, and memorable.

Place the reservation booking widget or primary booking control immediately after the opening introduction and Book a Table CTA.

Required CTA destinations:

Book a Table:
Use the active reservation booking destination or booking widget

View the Menu:
Link to /menu

Learn About Our Events:
Link to the Events page or event inquiry destination

Reserve a Table Today:
Use the active reservation booking destination

Confirm that walk ins are accepted before publishing the visible FAQ answer stating that walk ins may be available. If that wording is already confirmed by GUSI, retain it.

Ensure the visible FAQ wording and FAQ schema remain identical.

Contact Page

Route:

/contact

Meta title:

Contact GUSI | Visit Our Greenwich Village Restaurant

Meta description:

Contact GUSI in Greenwich Village for reservations, private dining, events, and general inquiries. Find our address, hours, phone number, and directions.

H1:

Contact GUSI

Use the final Contact page content supplied by E2M, subject to the pending confirmations and schema corrections below.

Confirmed contact information

Address:

432 Sixth Avenue
New York, NY 10011

Phone:

+1 (646) 370-5413

Pending confirmation

Do not treat the following information as finally approved until Vlad confirms it after speaking with Boris:

Email:

[gagaga@gusi.nyc](mailto:gagaga@gusi.nyc)

Hours currently supplied by E2M:

Monday through Friday:
4:00 pm to midnight

Saturday and Sunday:
12:00 pm to midnight

Brunch Saturday and Sunday:
11:30 am to 4:00 pm

The weekend hours overlap. Do not change the live website, footer, schema, OpenTable references, or any other hours until final confirmation is provided.

Contact page booking widget

The FAQ says visitors can use a reservation booking widget on the Contact page.

Only retain that wording if a functioning reservation widget is actually placed on the Contact page above the FAQ.

If no reservation widget will appear on the Contact page, revise both the visible FAQ and schema answer to:

For table reservations, visit our Reservations page.

Required CTA destinations:

Reserve a Table:
Link to /reservations or the current booking destination

Get Directions:
Link to the confirmed Google Maps destination

Inquire About Events:
Link to the active event inquiry form or Events page

Make a Reservation:
Link to /reservations or the current booking destination

Story page:
Link to /story

Menu:
Link to /menu

Contact Local Business Schema Corrections

Do not publish the Local Business schema supplied by E2M as written.

Use Restaurant as the schema type:

"@type": "Restaurant"

Use:

"@id": "https://gusi.nyc/#restaurant"

Use:

"url": "https://gusi.nyc/"

Do not use:

"https://gusi.nyc/contact/#localbusiness"

Do not use the Contact page as the primary Restaurant entity URL.

Retain the confirmed business name, address, telephone number, geographic coordinates, price range, description, and Google Maps destination after verifying that each value matches the live business information.

Add:

"servesCuisine": [
"Eastern European",
"Georgian",
"Mediterranean"
]

Add:

"acceptsReservations": true

Add:

"menu": "https://gusi.nyc/menu"

Add the official reservation URL if there is a stable public reservation page or OpenTable booking URL.

Use the confirmed Google Maps URL only under:

"hasMap"

Remove the Google Maps URL from:

"sameAs"

The sameAs array should contain only confirmed official social or business profiles.

The Instagram profile may remain only if this is the confirmed official account:

https://instagram.com/gusi.nyc

Email schema requirement

Do not add [gagaga@gusi.nyc](mailto:gagaga@gusi.nyc) to the schema until Vlad confirms that it is the correct public email and is actively monitored.

Logo requirement

Verify that this exact image exists and returns successfully before using it in schema:

https://gusi.nyc/brand/gusi-goose-emblem.webp

Do not publish a broken or nonexistent logo URL.

Opening hours schema requirement

Do not use the supplied openingHoursSpecification because it incorrectly states a 4:00 pm opening seven days per week while the visible page states noon on weekends.

It also adds an overlapping weekend brunch schedule.

Once Vlad supplies the confirmed hours, create separate OpeningHoursSpecification entries for:

Monday through Friday

Saturday and Sunday

A separate brunch service only if it is accurate and necessary to represent independently

The visible Contact page, footer, Restaurant schema, reservation system references, and any other website hours must match exactly.

FAQ schema

Add the approved FAQPage schema for each page only once.

Every question and answer in schema must match the visible page text exactly, including punctuation and wording.

Testing and verification

After implementation, verify all of the following on production:

1. All four routes return HTTP 200.

2. Each page has the correct canonical URL.

3. Each page has the correct meta title and meta description.

4. Each page contains exactly one H1.

5. All CTAs and internal links open the correct destination.

6. The reservation widget works wherever referenced.

7. The Events CTA points to the correct event page or inquiry form.

8. The Google Maps link opens the correct GUSI location.

9. No page contains gusinyc.com.

10. No visible page or schema contains “upto.”

11. The Reservations page does not contain the double period after “memorable.”

12. FAQ schema matches the visible FAQ content exactly.

13. The Contact page uses Restaurant schema rather than LocalBusiness.

14. The Contact schema uses https://gusi.nyc/#restaurant as the entity ID.

15. Google Maps is not duplicated in sameAs.

16. No unconfirmed hours or email address are published or changed.

17. All pages appear correctly on desktop and mobile.

18. All four URLs are included in sitemap.xml.

19. No duplicate schema entities are introduced.

20. No unrelated website content, design, routes, schema, navigation, or functionality are changed.

Completion report

After deployment, provide:

1. Exact files changed

2. Exact routes created or updated

3. Final meta titles and descriptions

4. Final CTA destinations

5. Structured data added to each page

6. Confirmation that FAQ schema matches visible content

7. Confirmation that the Menu “up to” correction was made

8. Confirmation that the Reservations double period was removed

9. Status of the Contact email and hours

10. Results of production URL, canonical, responsive, link, schema, and sitemap testing
